yeah look obviously you know
disappointing end of win the campaign
given we fought so hard to get into a
strong position with two games to go it
just doesn't seem real that you know
tonight we could have been second on the
table if we got over the line but you
know finding ourselves out of the fore
and sitting at sixes you know leaves a
bitter taste in your mouth
maybe there was still a little bit of
last match lingering over think if you
loved the play sort of felt like we're
almost robbed in that game probably the
worst end of the conditions and and had
that you know that had it not have been
a rain effect of match but you know
there's plenty of things there's a
couple of games earlier in the season
that went down to the last ball as well
and you know we sort of I think was one
of those scenes where we look back we go
you know what could have been I guess it
killed us losing our first two as early
as we get and then coming back from
there would have always been tough from
that wicket so unfortunately you know we
couldn't do it today yeah a number of
pliers you know stepped up it was great
to see you know movie with the ball
again you know shine he has done over
the last couple of years he's been
terrific for us you know both with the
new ball at the back end also you know
David Warner's backing most on reeks
grabbed his opportunity with both hands
and better beautifully and also bold
really well I felt like we played better
Krieger than than 5th place I really do
I think you know lo the players can hold
their heads up high and be proud of what
they got how they perform this year and
I guess a lot of the players will you
know almost have to do the namesake of
our team you know the Sun rises again
tomorrow we have to keep moving forward
and I think the orange arm is going to
be bigger and better and stronger next
year yeah just a final you know farewell
and thank you to all our fans out there
the orange army as they're called you
know thank you for your wonderful
support we had a terrific support in
Vizag and and particularly here at
abed the fans came out strong in our
support which is which is really
important to us have that support behind
us you're hoping to sure you all will be
working hard over the next 12 months to
make sure we come back stronger you know
we've got some unfinished business to do
with filagot good enough side to compete
in finals cricket and we're looking
forward to being there next to you